README.md, before:

# ⚡ PrivacyBlitz

<div align="center">

**Find & Delete Old Accounts - Reclaim Your Digital Privacy**

[![Chrome Extension](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Extension-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-ES6+-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[![Chrome Extension API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Extension%20API-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/)

*Discover forgotten accounts across the web and reclaim your digital privacy*

[Features](#-features) • [Installation](#-installation) • [Usage](#-usage) • [Tech Stack](#-tech-stack) • [Contributing](#-contributing)

</div>

---

## 🎯 The Problem

Research shows the average internet user maintains accounts across **80+ websites**, with **60% of these accounts becoming inactive** while still retaining personal data indefinitely. This creates significant privacy exposure and compliance challenges.

**PrivacyBlitz solves this.**

## ✨ Features

### 🔍 **Smart Account Discovery**
- Automatically scans browser history for login/signup pages
- Identifies sites with authentication cookies
- Pattern-based detection with confidence scoring
- Supports up to 10,000+ history items

### 📊 **Intelligent Organization**
- **Auto-categorization** across 13 categories (Social, Shopping, Work, Finance, etc.)
- **Tagging system** (Keep/Delete/Review) for account management
- **Activity tracking** (Active, Recent, Old accounts)
- **Progress tracking** with mark-as-deleted functionality

### 🗑️ **Deletion Assistance**
- **Direct links** to deletion pages for 50+ popular services
- **Difficulty ratings** (Easy/Medium/Hard) for each service
- **Deletion time estimates** and helpful notes
- **GDPR-compliant** deletion request templates

### 🔒 **Privacy-First Architecture**
- **100% local processing** - All data stays on your device
- **Zero data collection** - No external servers, no tracking
- **Open source** - Full transparency and security
- **GDPR & CCPA compliant** design

### 🎨 **User Experience**
- **Search & Filter** - Find accounts quickly
- **Sort options** - By domain, date, age, category
- **Bulk operations** - Select multiple accounts at once
- **Export functionality** - JSON export for backup
- **Keyboard shortcuts** - Fast navigation

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/privacyblitz.git
   cd privacyblitz
   ```

2. **Load in Chrome**
   - Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode" (toggle in top right)
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `privacyblitz` folder

3. **Start using**
   - Click the PrivacyBlitz icon in your toolbar
   - Click "Scan for Old Accounts"
   - Review and manage your discovered accounts

### Usage

1. **Scan** - Click "Scan for Old Accounts" to discover accounts in your browser history
2. **Organize** - Tag accounts as Keep/Delete/Review, filter by category
3. **Delete** - Use direct deletion links or search for instructions
4. **Track** - Mark accounts as deleted and monitor your progress

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Platform**: Chrome Extension (Manifest V3)
- **Languages**: JavaScript (ES6+), HTML5, CSS3
- **APIs**: Chrome Extension APIs (History, Storage, Tabs, Cookies)
- **Architecture**: Service Worker (Background), Content Scripts, Popup UI
- **Storage**: Chrome Storage API (Local & Sync)
- **Pattern Matching**: Regex-based account detection
- **Categorization**: Domain pattern analysis

## 📁 Project Structure

```
privacyblitz/
├── manifest.json              # Extension configuration
├── background.js             # Service worker for account detection
├── popup/                       # Extension popup interface
│   ├── popup.html
│   ├── popup.js
│   └── popup.css
├── content/                     # Content scripts
│   ├── content.js
│   └── content.css
├── options/                     # Settings page
│   ├── options.html
│   ├── options.js
│   └── options.css
├── utils/                       # Utility modules
│   ├── account-detector.js     # Account detection patterns
│   ├── account-categorizer.js  # Category classification
│   ├── deletion-database.js    # Deletion links database
│   ├── email-parser.js         # Email analysis
│   └── storage-helper.js       # Storage management
├── assets/                      # Icons and images
└── docs/                        # Documentation
    ├── PRIVACY_POLICY.md
    ├── PRODUCTION_CHECKLIST.md
    └── STORE_LISTING.md
```

## 🎨 Features in Detail

### Account Detection
- Scans browser history for login/signup patterns
- Analyzes page titles and URLs
- Detects authentication cookies
- Confidence scoring for accuracy

### Categorization
- **13 Categories**: Social Media, Shopping, Finance, Email, Work, Education, Entertainment, Cloud Storage, Dating, Food & Delivery, Travel, Health & Fitness, News & Media
- Pattern-based detection from domain names
- Visual icons for each category

### Deletion Database
- 50+ services with direct deletion links
- Difficulty ratings and time estimates
- Regular updates and additions

### Privacy & Security
- All processing happens locally
- No network requests
- No data collection
- Open source for transparency

## 📊 Statistics

- **50+** services in deletion database
- **13** account categories
- **10,000+** history items supported
- **100%** local processing
- **0** external dependencies

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help:

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch** (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. **Make your changes**
4. **Test thoroughly**
5. **Commit your changes** (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
6. **Push to the branch** (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
7. **Open a Pull Request**

### Areas for Contribution
- Adding more services to deletion database
- Improving account detection patterns
- UI/UX improvements
- Documentation
- Bug fixes
- Feature suggestions

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🔒 Privacy Policy

PrivacyBlitz is committed to your privacy. All processing happens locally on your device. No data is collected, transmitted, or stored on external servers.

See [PRIVACY_POLICY.md](PRIVACY_POLICY.md) for complete details.

## 🗺️ Roadmap

- [x] Core account detection
- [x] Account categorization
- [x] Deletion database
- [x] Tagging system
- [x] Progress tracking
- [ ] Email integration
- [ ] Password manager integration
- [ ] Privacy score dashboard
- [ ] Multi-language support
- [ ] Data breach integration

## 📞 Support

- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/yourusername/privacyblitz/issues)
- **Documentation**: See [INSTALLATION.md](INSTALLATION.md)
- **Questions**: Open a discussion on GitHub

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built with privacy in mind
- Inspired by the need for better digital privacy tools
- Community feedback and contributions

---

<div align="center">

**PrivacyBlitz** - Reclaim your digital privacy, one account at a time. ⚡

Made with ❤️ for privacy-conscious users

[⭐ Star this repo](https://github.com/yourusername/privacyblitz) if you find it useful!

</div>

Commit message:

Rename: PrivacyBlitz to DataVoid throughout entire codebase
- Updated all class names (PrivacyBlitzPopup → DataVoidPopup, etc.)
- Updated extension name in manifest.json
- Updated all documentation and README files
- Updated CSS class names
- Updated all user-facing text
- Updated privacy policy and legal documents
- Consistent branding as DataVoid across all files

README.md, after:

# ⚡ DataVoid

<div align="center">

**Find & Delete Old Accounts - Reclaim Your Digital Privacy**

[![Chrome Extension](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Extension-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-ES6+-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[![Chrome Extension API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Extension%20API-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/)

*Discover forgotten accounts across the web and reclaim your digital privacy*

[Features](#-features) • [Installation](#-installation) • [Usage](#-usage) • [Tech Stack](#-tech-stack) • [Contributing](#-contributing)

</div>

---

## 🎯 The Problem

Research shows the average internet user maintains accounts across **80+ websites**, with **60% of these accounts becoming inactive** while still retaining personal data indefinitely. This creates significant privacy exposure and compliance challenges.

**DataVoid solves this.**

## ✨ Features

### 🔍 **Smart Account Discovery**
- Automatically scans browser history for login/signup pages
- Identifies sites with authentication cookies
- Pattern-based detection with confidence scoring
- Supports up to 10,000+ history items

### 📊 **Intelligent Organization**
- **Auto-categorization** across 13 categories (Social, Shopping, Work, Finance, etc.)
- **Tagging system** (Keep/Delete/Review) for account management
- **Activity tracking** (Active, Recent, Old accounts)
- **Progress tracking** with mark-as-deleted functionality

### 🗑️ **Deletion Assistance**
- **Direct links** to deletion pages for 50+ popular services
- **Difficulty ratings** (Easy/Medium/Hard) for each service
- **Deletion time estimates** and helpful notes
- **GDPR-compliant** deletion request templates

### 🔒 **Privacy-First Architecture**
- **100% local processing** - All data stays on your device
- **Zero data collection** - No external servers, no tracking
- **Open source** - Full transparency and security
- **GDPR & CCPA compliant** design

### 🎨 **User Experience**
- **Search & Filter** - Find accounts quickly
- **Sort options** - By domain, date, age, category
- **Bulk operations** - Select multiple accounts at once
- **Export functionality** - JSON export for backup
- **Keyboard shortcuts** - Fast navigation

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/datavoid.git
   cd datavoid
   ```

2. **Load in Chrome**
   - Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode" (toggle in top right)
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `datavoid` folder

3. **Start using**
   - Click the DataVoid icon in your toolbar
   - Click "Scan for Old Accounts"
   - Review and manage your discovered accounts

### Usage

1. **Scan** - Click "Scan for Old Accounts" to discover accounts in your browser history
2. **Organize** - Tag accounts as Keep/Delete/Review, filter by category
3. **Delete** - Use direct deletion links or search for instructions
4. **Track** - Mark accounts as deleted and monitor your progress

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Platform**: Chrome Extension (Manifest V3)
- **Languages**: JavaScript (ES6+), HTML5, CSS3
- **APIs**: Chrome Extension APIs (History, Storage, Tabs, Cookies)
- **Architecture**: Service Worker (Background), Content Scripts, Popup UI
- **Storage**: Chrome Storage API (Local & Sync)
- **Pattern Matching**: Regex-based account detection
- **Categorization**: Domain pattern analysis

## 📁 Project Structure

```
datavoid/
├── manifest.json              # Extension configuration
├── background.js             # Service worker for account detection
├── popup/                       # Extension popup interface
│   ├── popup.html
│   ├── popup.js
│   └── popup.css
├── content/                     # Content scripts
│   ├── content.js
│   └── content.css
├── options/                     # Settings page
│   ├── options.html
│   ├── options.js
│   └── options.css
├── utils/                       # Utility modules
│   ├── account-detector.js     # Account detection patterns
│   ├── account-categorizer.js  # Category classification
│   ├── deletion-database.js    # Deletion links database
│   ├── email-parser.js         # Email analysis
│   └── storage-helper.js       # Storage management
├── assets/                      # Icons and images
└── docs/                        # Documentation
    ├── PRIVACY_POLICY.md
    ├── PRODUCTION_CHECKLIST.md
    └── STORE_LISTING.md
```

## 🎨 Features in Detail

### Account Detection
- Scans browser history for login/signup patterns
- Analyzes page titles and URLs
- Detects authentication cookies
- Confidence scoring for accuracy

### Categorization
- **13 Categories**: Social Media, Shopping, Finance, Email, Work, Education, Entertainment, Cloud Storage, Dating, Food & Delivery, Travel, Health & Fitness, News & Media
- Pattern-based detection from domain names
- Visual icons for each category

### Deletion Database
- 50+ services with direct deletion links
- Difficulty ratings and time estimates
- Regular updates and additions

### Privacy & Security
- All processing happens locally
- No network requests
- No data collection
- Open source for transparency

## 📊 Statistics

- **50+** services in deletion database
- **13** account categories
- **10,000+** history items supported
- **100%** local processing
- **0** external dependencies

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help:

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch** (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. **Make your changes**
4. **Test thoroughly**
5. **Commit your changes** (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
6. **Push to the branch** (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
7. **Open a Pull Request**

### Areas for Contribution
- Adding more services to deletion database
- Improving account detection patterns
- UI/UX improvements
- Documentation
- Bug fixes
- Feature suggestions

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🔒 Privacy Policy

DataVoid is committed to your privacy. All processing happens locally on your device. No data is collected, transmitted, or stored on external servers.

See [PRIVACY_POLICY.md](PRIVACY_POLICY.md) for complete details.

## 🗺️ Roadmap

- [x] Core account detection
- [x] Account categorization
- [x] Deletion database
- [x] Tagging system
- [x] Progress tracking
- [ ] Email integration
- [ ] Password manager integration
- [ ] Privacy score dashboard
- [ ] Multi-language support
- [ ] Data breach integration

## 📞 Support

- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/yourusername/datavoid/issues)
- **Documentation**: See [INSTALLATION.md](INSTALLATION.md)
- **Questions**: Open a discussion on GitHub

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built with privacy in mind
- Inspired by the need for better digital privacy tools
- Community feedback and contributions

---

<div align="center">

**DataVoid** - Reclaim your digital privacy, one account at a time. ⚡

Made with ❤️ for privacy-conscious users

[⭐ Star this repo](https://github.com/yourusername/datavoid) if you find it useful!

</div>
